[CTOR-1574]-Refresh applications-quadstor-nrpe doc page (#4342)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/applications-quadstor-nrpe.md

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Collected metrics & status

Here is the list of services for this connector, detailing all metrics and statuses linked to each service.

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Vtl-Disk-Usage" label="Vtl-Disk-Usage">

| Name             | Unit  |
|:-----------------|:------|
| status           | N/A   |
| *disk_name*#used | B     |

> To obtain this new metric format, include **--use-new-perfdata** in the **EXTRAOPTIONS** service macro.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Vtl-Job-Status" label="Vtl-Job-Status">

| Name   | Unit  |
|:-------|:------|
| status | N/A   |
| long   | N/A   |
| frozen | N/A   |

> To obtain this new metric format, include **--use-new-perfdata** in the **EXTRAOPTIONS** service macro.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Vtl-Tape-Usage" label="Vtl-Tape-Usage">

| Name         | Unit  |
|:-------------|:------|
| count        | tapes |
| status       | N/A   |
| status       | N/A   |
| *tape1*#used | B     |
| *tape2*#used | B     |

> To obtain this new metric format, include **--use-new-perfdata** in the **EXTRAOPTIONS** service macro.

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Prerequisites

### Centreon NSClient++

> To monitor an *Active Directory* domain controller through NRPE, install the

Reviewer: AD??

> To monitor an *Active Directory* domain controller through NRPE, install the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To monitor *Quadstor* resources through NRPE, install the
```
